[IMP] inventory: gme's package improvements (#7797)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/product_management/product_tracking/package.rst

Packages are commonly used for the following purposes:

#. :ref:`Grouping products to move them in bulk <inventory/warehouses_storage/pack>`.
#. :ref:`Shipping to customers <inventory/warehouses_storage/package-type>`: configure package types
   to align with shipping carriers' size and weight requirements, streamlining the packing process,
   and ensuring compliance with carrier shipping specifications.
#. Storing items in bulk.

*Package use* is a field on the package form in Odoo that is only visible by enabling the *Batch

> Transfers* feature (:menuselection:`Inventory --> Configuration --> Settings`).

Reviewer: Wouldn't the 'Packages' feature need to be enabled as well?

> By default, *Package use* is set to *Disposable*. Change this field to *Reusable* **only** when
> configuring packages for :ref:`cluster pickings <inventory/warehouses_storage/cluster-pack>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the *Package Use* field on a packages form is set to *Disposable Box*. Change this field
to *Reusable Box* **only** when configuring packages for :ref:`cluster pickings
<inventory/warehouses_storage/cluster-pack>`.
```
in the 16.4 runbot I am using for this review, it says the Package Use options are as suggested above, with the word "box" after each one. Please double-check to ensure accuracy here. Thanks!

Reviewer: I understand not capitalizing both words when simply introducing and defining the field, but when speaking directly about it, I think it's best to use the proper capitalization. And, since there is no screenshot, and you're not directing them a Package form, nor are we expecting the reader to be on a form like that at this point in the doc -- I think your instinct in not using a GUI is correct.

*Package type* is an optional feature used for :doc:`calculating shipping cost

> <../../shipping_receiving/setup_configuration/delivery_method>` based on real shipping weight.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<../../shipping_receiving/setup_configuration/delivery_method>`, based on real shipping weight.
```

   :align: center
   :alt: Activate the *Packages* setting in Inventory > Configuration > Settings.

.. _inventory/warehouses_storage/pack:

Pack items
==========

Products can be added to packages in any transfer by:

#. Clicking each *Detailed Operations* icon on the product line.

> #. Using the *Put in Pack* button to place everything in the transfer into a package.

Reviewer: would you think it would be beneficial to add some anchored links here, to better signify that these elements are about to be explained? That could be useful

Detailed operations
-------------------

> On any transfer, add a product to a package by clicking the :guilabel:`⦙≣ (bulleted list)` icon in

Reviewer: might be beneficial to link to another doc that explains what transfers are/how to navigate to them

Author: Further defined what a transfer is in the doc itself. We currently don't have a doc dedicated to transfers 

```
On any warehouse transfer (e.g. receipt, delivery order), add a product to a package by clicking the
:guilabel:`⦙≣ (bulleted list)` icon in the :guilabel:`Operations` tab.
```

the :guilabel:`Operations` tab.

.. image:: package/detailed-operations.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Show "Detailed Operations" icon in the product line.

Doing so opens the :guilabel:`Detailed Operations` pop-up window for the :guilabel:`Product`.

To put the :guilabel:`Product` in a package, click :guilabel:`Add a line`, and assign the product to
a :guilabel:`Destination Package`. Select an existing package, or create a new one by typing the

> name of the package and select :guilabel:`Create...`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
name of the new package, then select :guilabel:`Create...`.
```

.. figure:: package/destination-package.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Assign a package to "Destination Package" field.

   Twelve units of `Acoustic Bloc Screen` are placed in `PACK0000001`.

> Then, specify the quantity of items to go into the package in the :guilabel:`Done` field. Repeat the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, specify the quantity of items to go into the package in the :guilabel:`Done` column. Repeat the
```

above steps to place the :guilabel:`Product` in different packages. Once finished, click
:guilabel:`Confirm` to close the window.

.. seealso::
   :doc:`Ship one order in multiple packages
   <../../shipping_receiving/advanced_operations_shipping/multipack>`

Put in pack
-----------

Alternatively, click the :guilabel:`Put in Pack` button on any transfer to create a new package, and

> place all the items in the transfer in that newly-created package.

Reviewer: does the 'Put in Pack' button appear on any transfer or just batch? Might be nice to clarify that, in case they click a transfer and don't see the 'Put in Pack' button

Author: Clarified! :D

.. figure:: package/put-in-pack.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Image of the "Put in Pack" button being clicked.

   In batch transfer `BATCH/00003`, the :guilabel:`Put in Pack` button was clicked to create a new
   package, `PACK0000002`, and assign all items to it in the :guilabel:`Destination Package` field.

.. _inventory/warehouses_storage/package-type:

Package type
============

> Create package types at :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration --> Package Types` to set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create package types by navigating to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration --> Package Types`, in order to set
```

custom dimensions and weight limits. This feature is mainly used to calculate package weights for
shipping costs.

.. seealso::
   - :doc:`Shipping carriers <../../shipping_receiving/setup_configuration/third_party_shipper>`
   - :doc:`../../shipping_receiving/setup_configuration/delivery_method`

On the :guilabel:`Package Types` list, clicking :guilabel:`New` opens a blank package type form. The
fields of the form are as follows:

- :guilabel:`Package Type` (required): define the package type's name.
- :guilabel:`Size`: define the dimensions of the package in millimeters (mm). The fields, from left
  to right, define the :guilabel:`Length`, :guilabel:`Width`, and :guilabel:`Height`.
- :guilabel:`Weight`: weight of an empty package (e.g. an empty box, pallet).

.. note::
   Odoo calculates the package's weight by adding the weight of the empty package plus the weight of

>    the item(s) (from the :guilabel:`Weight` field in the :guilabel:`Inventory` tab of each product
>    form).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   the item(s), which can be found in the :guilabel:`Weight` field, in the :guilabel:`Inventory`
   tab, of each product form.
```
